Pam 448 public style guides (#453)
stoplightio/platform-docs: 3.-design/get-request-samples.md

### Supported Languages

> These request samples come from the open-source package httpsnippet. If you'd like to contribute more, submit a pull request for the language you want to the [httpsnippet](https://github.com/Kong/httpsnippet) repository. Once that is merged, open an issue on this [GitHub repository](https://github.com/stoplightio/elements) so Stoplight can update its version of the httpsnippet library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These request samples come from the open-source package httpsnippet. If you'd like to contribute more, submit a pull request for the language you want to the [httpsnippet](https://github.com/Kong/httpsnippet) repository. Once that's merged, open an issue on this [GitHub repository](https://github.com/stoplightio/elements) so Stoplight can update its version of the httpsnippet library.
```
